Improvements to Docs for new contributors (#19344)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/devel/index.rst

The Matplotlib Developers' Guide
################################

> Thanks for thinking of a way to help improve Matplotlib! Remember that
> contributions come in all shapes and sizes beyond writing bug fixes.
> Contributing to documentation, opening new issues for bugs, asking for
> clarification on things you find unclear, and requesting new features,
> are all super valuable contributions. If you have any questions on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for your interest in helping to improve Matplotlib! There are various
ways to contribute to Matplotlib. All of them are super valuable but don't necessarily
require writing code at all. For example:

- contributing to the documentation
- opening new issues for bugs
- requesting new features
- asking for clarification on things you find unclear
- fixing bugs

If you have any questions on the
```

process or how to fix something feel free to ask on `gitter
<https://gitter.im/matplotlib/matplotlib>`_ for short questions and on

> discourse.matplotlib.org for longer questions.

Reviewer: Link to discourse.

Author: done
